╭─── Claude Code v2.1.114 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                    │ Tips for getting        │
│                 Welcome back Jaden!                │ started                 │
│                                                    │ ✔ Run /init to create … │
│                       ▐▛███▜▌                      │ ─────────────────────── │
│                      ▝▜█████▛▘                     │ Recent activity         │
│                        ▘▘ ▝▝                       │ No recent activity      │
│  Sonnet 4.6 · Claude Pro · jaden.khuu@gmail.com's  │                         │
│  Organization                                      │                         │
│               ~/code/volleymates-site              │                         │
╰──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯

❯ initilise a new nextJS project in this directory with nothing else            

● Let me check the current directory contents first.

  Listed 1 directory (ctrl+o to expand)

● Directory is empty. Initializing Next.js project now.

● Bash(npx create-next-app@latest . --ts --tailwind --eslint --app --no-src-dir
      --import-alias "@/*" --use-npm 2>&1)
  ⎿  npm warn exec The following package was not found and will be installe
     d: create-next-app@16.2.7
     … +38 lines (ctrl+o to expand)
  ⎿  (timeout 2m)

● Next.js project initialized with TypeScript, Tailwind CSS, ESLint, and the App
   Router. Run npm run dev to start the dev server.

✻ Churned for 1m 37s

❯ I need to create a simple website for a volleyball club called VolleyMates.   
  Structurally, refer to the site in ~/code/provolley-website$ as I want to     
  make it very similar. However keep in mind that a lot of the pages can be cut 
   out as VolleyMates is a significantly smaller club than ProVolley. Also      
  refer to the directory of '/volleymates-site/.design' which includes image    
  assets taken from their instagram page and moodboard documents to describe    
  and explain the relevance of each image asset. These assets are used for      
  heavy inspiration for the overall design of the site. I have a clear vision   
  for the hero section, but everything else can just follow the general theme   
  and be safe design wise to make it easy to navigate UX and UI wise. I need    
  the hero to be impressive and I have a clear vision. The hero should be       
  simple but a large splash of some high quality stock images of volleyball     
  related pictures or in game (stock for now and ill get assets from the client 
   after). The splash should take up only around 60% of the screen vertically,  
  but horizontally span across the viewport. On the splash hero image, the      
  title of the club is displayed and other basic information and maybe a short  
  body sentence. This is positioned slightly to the left of the screen leaving  
  a lot of the image to be able to be displayed. To compliment the hero         
  contents (text etc), there should be a coloured gradient which begins from    
  the left side and fades completely away towards the right of the hero image.  
  Feel free to ask me any more questions regarding anything for this build of   
  the website. You can ask me about design choices, structural elements, etc.   
  One last note, for any placeholder body text strictly AVOID using satire or   
  sassy language which is often a common trait of AI generated text, I want all 
   information to be objective and factual, nothing like "Local volleyball,     
  community focused, find it here" thats too much personality. Only focused and 
   facual content. Feel free to ask me any more questions regarding anything    
  for this build of the                                                         
    website. You can ask me about design choices, structural elements, etc.     

● Let me explore both the reference site and design assets before asking
  questions.

● 2 Explore agents finished (ctrl+o to expand)
   ├─ Explore ProVolley website structure · 19 tool uses · 36.9k tokens
   │  ⎿  Done
   └─ Read VolleyMates design assets and moodboard · 8 tool uses · 12.3k tokens
      ⎿  Done

● Good context gathered. Before I start building, I have some targeted
  questions:

  Pages / Structure
  Based on ProVolley's structure and VolleyMates being a smaller community club,
   my suggested page set would be: Home, About, Sessions/Programs, Events, 
  Contact. Does that cover it, or are there pages to add/remove? (Cutting:
  International Tours, Resources, Alumni, News, Teams detail pages)

  Club Content
  1. What sessions or programs does VolleyMates actually run? (e.g. open
  socials, competitions, beginner clinics — I need real categories to avoid
  making up fake ones)
  2. Are there multiple locations (I see Blacktown & Riverwood mentioned) or
  just one?
  3. Any real contact details you want on the site, or keep everything
  placeholder for now?

  Design
  4. The design assets show a warm earthy palette — tan (#b1a681), burnt orange
  (#884223), olive, near-black. Should I follow that palette, or does the client
   have a separate brand direction for the website specifically?
  5. The moodboard shows diagonal stripe patterns and noise textures used
  heavily in their promotional material. Should these carry onto the website, or
   keep the web design cleaner/flatter while staying thematically consistent?

  Technical
  6. Do you want a CMS (like Sanity, similar to ProVolley) or is
  static/hardcoded content fine for now?
  7. Any external links needed — e.g. registration platform, social pages?

✻ Cogitated for 2m 4s

❯ Ask me these questions one by one                                             

● What pages do you want on the site? My suggestion based on VolleyMates being a
   smaller club: Home, About, Sessions, Events, Contact — does that work, or
  anything to add or remove?

❯ Yes, that works                                                               

● What sessions or programs does VolleyMates actually run? Give me whatever real
   categories exist — e.g. open socials, beginner nights, competitions, etc.

❯ 🥇: SVL Division 2 (Womens) 2024                                              
  🥉: SVL Division 3 (Womens) 2024                                              
  📍: Blacktown & Riverwood                                                     
  🏐: open socials | fun & friendly comps                                       
  Affiliated by VBNSW                                                           

● Got it. Are there multiple distinct session types I should list separately —
  e.g. "Open Socials" as one thing and "Competitions" as another — or do you
  want them grouped together under one section?

❯ Separate them — Open Socials and Competitions                                 

● Should the Competitions page/section cover both the SVL Division 2 and
  Division 3 teams, or is it more general — listing upcoming competitions and
  results rather than dedicated team roster pages?

❯ General — upcoming competitions and results, no roster pages                  

● What's the color direction for the website — should I follow the warm earthy
  palette from the design assets (tan, burnt orange, olive, near-black), or is
  there a separate brand direction for the web specifically?

❯ follow the palette in the design assets, the reddish into yellow nad green    
  grainy gradient i really like                                                 

● The diagonal stripe patterns show up heavily in the promo material — should
  those carry onto the website too, or keep the web design cleaner while using
  the gradient and color palette as the main visual identity?

❯ maybe include it but not as much                                              

● Do you want a CMS like Sanity for content editing, or is static hardcoded
  content fine for now?

❯ No CMS or anything yet, just an impressive static mock up. Grab stock images  
  for placeholders but just ensure they sort of fir the same themes and dont    
  contrast too much .Dont forget to use UX UI Pro max skills and                
  frontend-design skills.                                                       

● Last question — any external links needed? Things like a registration
  platform, Instagram/Facebook page, or any other social/booking links?

❯ just instagram for now - https://www.instagram.com/volleymates_sydney/        

● Skill(frontend-design)
  ⎿  Successfully loaded skill
● Let me check the current project state before building.

  Read 3 files, listed 1 directory (ctrl+o to expand)
  ⎿  Interrupted · What should Claude do instead?